One of the most important events in the Bible is
The story, the true story.
of Noah's flood.
And it's very relevant for us today because Jesus said,
that the
The days before his coming would be
as in the days of Noah.
And so we're gonna see some wonderful,
A picture.
For us of salvation and
Also of God's judgment.
Um, yeah.
Let's start with what Jesus had to say.
in Matthew chapter 24 verse 37 to 39 and notice that Jesus confirmed that the Genesis story of
of Noah's flood.
It's true, historically true.
He said, "But as the days of Noah were,
So also will the coming of the Son of Man be.
For as in the days before the flood, they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage until the day that Noah entered the ark.
And did not know until the flood came and took them all away, so also will the coming of the Son of Man be.
So this tells us that this is a true story. God really did send this worldwide judgment of a great flood.
On the whole world, on this godless, on a godless world.
and it destroyed them all. But at the same time God provided salvation
Through the ark, through Noah's ark.
For all who believed in him.
Um.
And Jesus used this picture
Of noah's flood to describe and to warn of a future.
Judgment that's going to come upon all mankind.
and in the same way as in the days of noah it will suddenly come.
Upon.
The human race.
As they go about their godless lives.
And so just as in the days of Noah, so shall the coming of the Son of Man be. In other words, Jesus is saying, "Oncoming and when I come, I'm going to initiate
initiate a worldwide judgment that can be compared to Noah's flood.
And so we need to take his warnings seriously.
And so,
At the same time Jesus predicted:
That he will provide a rescue.
for for
The true believers.
uh just as in Noah's day.
God provided the ark of salvation.
Um, um,
For those who believed.
And so this is a picture.
Of judgment but it's also a picture of salvation
and there's a lot we can learn from the picture of Noah's flood. First of all,
Life on Earth before the flood.
will be like life on earth just before,
He's coming.
To judge the world.
and ah it says ah in the days before the flood they were eating drinking marrying and giving marriage and so forth and and so.
Life will be similar.
What we know.
From that expression is that in a sense normal life will be going on.
Uh, it's
In other words, this judgment could happen suddenly at any time.
God won't give any particular warning about it. Normal life will be going on. But the implication is,
the world was godless. It was just consumed with materialistic things, very much like our world today.
When you look at the time,
Leading up to the flood, there was actually a population explosion.
And it's interesting right now.
We've just crossed 8 billion people on the earth. There's been a population explosion for the last 100 and 150 years.
And that's just as in the days of Noah.